>> Steve Kinney: All right,
I wanna show just kind of some of those
abstractions in action.
I created just a quick utilities file,
which is taking all the parts that could
change in that set function, right?
Again, okay, what is the thing
that we're trying to set, right?
What is the property we need to go find?
And then what is the new
value of that property?
So pipe is exactly same as redux.compose.
In fact, I could've used redux.compose,
I just used another Lodash one.
We know that they all have entities.
And we know theyhave ids.
So creating a new card, or creating a new
list involves putting that data onto
the entities And
also adding the ID to the array of IDs.
So now I can say add entity and
this will do it both places.
I never think about
that abstraction again.
I just say, all right, what state are we
using, what's the thing I want to put on,
and what's the ID?
And then basically solely for adding cards
to a list, I also have addIdToChildren.
Which is figuring,
it just does the same thing
we just implemented with adding
that card ID to list card array.
So now, if I go in here,
I can effectively just say, all right,
if card create, addEntity to all of your
cards, this new card at the cardId, right.
If I go into listsReducer,
these become one liners that
I can use both places, right.
And so like that squirrelyness that we
saw that was a little bit confusing with
setting that state.
I just have some helpers that I can use.
There is a refactor that we can do and
that we should do.
And that is, if you remember
that create card container,
I made this big stink before about
how if we can just use an object for
mapDispatchToProps that we
should totally do that.
And I made a big stink before about
like using strings everywhere.
It's just asking yourself for
a typo to waste a morning of yours.
Right, or worse,
it's like four o'clock and
you really just want to ship that thing
because the sprint ends tomorrow, right,
and that's what I make
my stupidest mistakes.
Let's go ahead and
let's separate out the actions.
So I've got right now this
idea of card actions.
And I'm just going to, again,
the layout is all up to you.
But what I'll do is I'll
say const CREATE_CARD.
And you can use ES6
symbols if you want to.
I don't.
I always think about it and
then I decide like, not today.
And then what am I doing here
is kind of take the things
that I need out of that
function from card actions,
or from the mapDispatchToProps.
Create card container.
And I'll take this.
And I'm going to pull it all out.
Remember I said before.
Hey, you can totally use own props.
And I was like, you shouldn't.
And y'all just nodded and it was cool.
You're like,
he must know what he's talking about.
They let him sit up here.
Like, if you used the own props and
you have to do it in this function, right.
But in our component,
we let react hand us the list ID.
Right, we passed it through React,
which means that the function is
getting the list ID and the card data.
It doesn't need anything separate.
Which allows us to take this code and
do my favorite thing in the world,
which is copy paste.
But copy paste is only good if
it's followed by deleting, right.
You could argue, can't you just cut?
I don't need to hear it.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we'll say export const createCard.
So = just make this a function.
I need to get that default card data.
We're gonna see a otherwise too
big container get nice and small.
Bring that here as well,
cuz it's just a thing that we need.
And then instead of dispatching,
because we don't have access to dispatch,
we'll just take this object and return it.
Now, remember, I said before, it's,
React-Redux has a way to automatically
bind your action creators with dispatch.
So that's why we don't
need to worry about it.
We just need to return the correct thing.
And we'll go ahead and go back here.
Are you ready for it?
We will just do some deleting.
>> Steve Kinney: That feels good.
>> Steve Kinney: Actually,
I think I can do this auto import, cool.
>> Steve Kinney: Okay, so
I write it, createCard.
>> Steve Kinney: Look at that.
I could even not store it in a variable.
I could, watch this.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah.
Future me when I come across this
container is going to be pleased with
past me.
Right, and future me is the most
important engineer that I know.
>> Steve Kinney: Right, and
we're adding it to the page.
Great.
All right, so we can assume that
adding users is not dissimilar.
So we'll kind of pull that out.
And what I want to talk about is, we have
one giant object that we're replacing.
Right, that doesn't mean that we
necessarily want to rerender stuff.
So we'll kind of go and
visit that in a moment.
I'm going to come right back
with another branch for us.